refactor: improve wording for clarity and consistency in server administrator guidelines (#412)
mautic/mautic-community-handbook: docs/contributing/server_administrator.rst

Server Administrator
####################

Managing the Mautic infrastructure
**********************************

The Mautic services and websites run on servers which need supporting. The infrastructure working group monitors and updates these servers, keeping them up to date with the latest security patches and updates.

If you're an experienced Linux systems administrator and would like to support Mautic by maintaining these servers, your help would be greatly appreciated.

Getting started
***************

The first thing to do is join the :xref:`Mautic Community Slack` and then join the :xref:`Mautic community channel Slack` channel. Please introduce yourself and describe how you would like to contribute.

> Due to the elevated access and trust required from members of the infrastructure working group, you must sign an NDA before taking on any tasks.

Reviewer: Not everyone knows what NDA means. So it'd be great to explain what it is.

```suggestion
Due to the elevated access and trust required from members of the infrastructure working group, you must sign a non-disclosure agreement—NDA—before taking on any tasks.
```

Accessing the Jira board
************************

Once you sign the NDA, the team invites you to the Jira board for the Infrastructure Working Group. From here, you can start to interact with outstanding tasks and request assignment to any that you feel able to take on.

The board and issues are private due to the nature of the work.

Work in the public domain
*************************

Unless there is significant reason not to, work should be open and transparent. The team documents tasks in :xref:`Mautic Google Drive` folders. This ensures that if - for whatever reason - someone is unable to complete a task, it's easy for another contributor to pick up where they left off. It also means you can find and re-use previous work in the future.

As this team is often working with sensitive information, work defaults to a private-open approach. Please make sure to update your issues on the private Jira board and share any resources in the private project folder that might be relevant to the tasks you are working on.

Update regularly
****************

> Please provide regular updates on any tasks you are working on, and if at any point you're not going to be able to complete the task, please call that out by sending the Working Group Lead a message to inform them so that somebody else can pick it up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please provide regular updates on any tasks you're working on, and if at any point you're not going to be able to complete the task, please call that out by sending the Working Group Lead a message to inform them so that somebody else can pick it up. 
```

> Life happens and it's easy to take on too much. There is no judgement. Being respectful of others means notifying the team early when you can't fulfill an assigned task.

Reviewer: We can use the same one as the [Marketer page](https://github.com/mautic/mautic-community-handbook/pull/414/files#r2479606728).

```suggestion
Life can be unpredictable, and it’s easy to feel overwhelmed by trying to manage too much at once. There's no judgment here. The team's goal is to show respect for one another by providing as much notice as possible when unable to fulfill an assigned task.
```
